This is not staged shots staff
DPS videotaped violations
traffic regulations
when the attention of the police attracted
car hyundai driver was driving with
a clear excess on the requirement of
stop he just added gas began
the chase which is not inflamed by passions
inferior to the filming
Hollywood blockbusters 30 minutes
the intruder's car was hiding from
the pursuers on the road even decided
block the direction
blocked by cargo wagon
[applause]
[music]
all new crews were connected to the pursuit
DPS in the end for the completeness of the picture is not
the only thing missing was a police helicopter
the inspectors decided to apply time-sheet
the weapon was the first the police hit
back wheel but even with a punched
tire driver continued to move
some more shots on the front
I did not want to leave the wheel
the car skidded and it stuck on
dividing strip the driver and
passengers delayed yamato can
got scared I didn't want to brake thought up
Sterlitamak head run away from you
where will you run away from us there too, of course
sing I thought the police like that
tried to stop the car in the village
Bulgakov detained fugitive already 70
kilometers to sterlitamak he did not drive
only 15 kilometers
medical examination showed the driver
drunk and soon it turned out that the car
the guy kidnapped
yamato can be scared i didn't want
braked I think to sterlitamak yes
I'm going to run away from you
where will you run away from us there too, of course
I like that thought now respect
the detainee opened a criminal case
Under article hijacking will have to answer for
driving drunk and for
defiance of legal requirements
police officers only deprivation
right management guy does not frighten
he did not get a driver's license
not at all too sad for him and possible
the punishment of the detainee is already judged four
times but pleases the guy attention to his
modest person young man
hopes this race will make it
real celebrity